IRClib events documentation:

onconnected
	Fired when user gets connected to server and MOTD has been received.
	User data is IRCEvent_Notify structure.

ondisconnected
	Fired when connection to server is lost.
	User data is IRCEvent_Notify structure.

onrawreceive
	Fired when some data are received from server.
	User data is IRCEvent_RawData structure.
	You can cancel default processing of received data by IRClib by setting
	cancelBubble to true in your last event handler.

onrawsend
	Fired when some data are sent to server.
	User data is IRCEvent_RawData structure
	You can cancel sending the data by setting cancelBubble to true in last
	event handler.

onping
	Fired when PING message has been received.
	User data points to tokenized message (TOKENS structure).
	You can cancel default PONG reply by setting cancelBubble to true
	in last event handler.

onservermessage
	Fired when server sends numeric message.
	User data points to IRCEvent_ServerMessage structure.

onjoin
	Fired when a user joins channel that you are connected to.
	User data points to IRCEvent_Join structure.

onjoined
	Fired when you join a channel.
	User data points to IRCEvent_Join structure.

onchannelmessage
	Fired when someone posts message to channel.
	User data points to IRCEvent_Message structure.

onprivatemessage
	Fired when someone sends private message to you.
	User data points to IRCEvent_Message structure with null channel
	member.

onchannelnotice
	Fired when someone posts notice to channel.
	User data points to IRCEvent_Message structure

onprivatenotice
	Fired when someone posts notice to you.
	User data points to IRCEvent_Message structure.

onchangeprefix
	Fired when someone changes prefix of another user on channel. It is
	not fired for op, voice and halfop prefixes, because they has it's
	own event.
	User data points to IRCEvent_Mode structure.

onop
	Fired when someone is given the op status.
	User data points to IRCEvent_Mode structure.

ondeop
	Fired when someone has lost his op status.
	User data points to IRCEvent_Mode structure.

onvoice
	Fired when someone is given the voice status.
	User data points to IRCEvent_Mode structure.

ondevoice
	Fired when someone has lost his op status.
	User data points to IRCEvent_Mode structure.

onhalfop
	Fired when someone is given the halfop status.
	User data points to IRCEvent_Mode structure.

ondehalfop
	Fired when someone lost his halfop status.
	User data points to IRCEvent_Mode structure.

onchangelist
	Fired when someone adds or removes an address from channel list (invite,
	except, ...).
	User data points to IRCEvent_Mode structure.

onban
	Fired when someone adds address to banlist.
	User data points to IRCEvent_Mode structure.

onunban
	Fired when someone removes address from banlist.
	User data points to IRCEvent_Mode structure.

onmode
	Fired when another mode has been changed
	User data points to IRCEvent_Mode structure, where target can be null.

onkick
	Fired, when somebody got kicked.
	User data points to IRCEvent_Kick structure.

onkicked
	Fired, when you got kicked.
	User data points to IRCEvent_Kick structure.

onnickchanged
	Fired, when your nick was changed.
	User data points to IRCEvent_NickChange structure.

onnick
	Fired, when some user changes hist nick.
	User data points to IRCEvent_NickChange structure.